How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was 
introduced?

Viewing the diff between two versions allowed me to quickly see the areas that were 
changed since everything worked fine. This let me quickly scan the changed lines for
potential errors without having to go through every line myself.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient
programmer in the long term?

With access to previous versions you could see what kind of changes you make
regularly and plan your new projects accordingly. This way you get to a point where
you don't have to go back and make as many changes.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs
does?

Pros:
Saved versions have logical purpose
No incomplete lines of code

Cons:
You have to remember to do them

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files
in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git seems tailored to larger projects and coding, where many files are interdependant
and would need to be changed together. Tracking changes file by file would make things
more complicated in a coding project.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log will let you see how many different versions of the project have been
committed to the git repo, while git diff will allow you to see the differences
between them. Using log as the history list and diff to compare them you can see 
all of the changes done throught the history of the project.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could
break something?

It would be very easy to get back to a working version if something breaks. Undo can
only carry you so far, through so many changes. With version control you can make the
changes thought up and if it breaks just revert to previous commit.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you wnat to try using Git for?

I'm hoping to use Git for personal projects. I'm currently learning android development
and java.


