When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all of your work 
local?

Using a remote repositiory would be beneficial in a variety of circumstances. It 
can be used for off-site backup of your projects, allow you to work on your project 
from different computers, allow for multiple collaborators in your office or around 
the world.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

When collaborating you may not want to have everyone's changes being incorporated
all the time. With manual pulls you can control when you pull changes and incorporate
them to your local copy.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one
instead of another?

Forks are for using someone's project as a base for your own. Clones make a local
copy of a repositiory so one can work on a project locally without the need to be 
connected to the internet, or be limited by the tools available to github. Branches
allow one to experiment with code without ruining the stable/main project. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It allows for collaborative projects. This way we would be able to know if things are out
sync, and to be able to complete merges in a way we can find and fix any conflicts. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what
would be harder?

Collaborating without git/hub would entail planning times to get together, or emailing
the entire project, or changed files, back and forth each time a change is made. Meeting 
together, while difficult, would make the discussion faster as you are both in the same
room. While trying to make sure you both have time to work on the project at the same time
would prove difficult. Emailing changes would require many emails and it would be difficult
to keep track of all of the files going back and forth and which are the most recent ones.

